This is my commitment to be better, today is march 3rd, 2026. As of now, I am an absolute nobody. I barely scrapped by, until now. Didn’t do anything significant in my life, all I have on my name is….nothing. A guy with zero networth, working a minimum wage job now and flipping burgers. Hell, that place is closing soon. So I won’t even be having that job now. I want to be something, I want to be better. I wanna grow, make money, build a life, and be happy, that’s all I want. I had a huge breakdown, sometime ago. Realising how pathetic I am, and I will change that. As of now, I am barely employable, lmao. Haven’t had an internship now and I am a hacking masters student. Laughable I know. And I am in the UK, after taking a loan. I was thinking I am moving to grow out of my shell, be better. But I realised it too late, that I was just running away from past responsibilities. And memories of being a failure, I was a fool to think this would be any better. But I follow absurdism, sorry about the language if anyone reads this. But basically ‘fuck it, we ball’ is how I would sum up the concept. It’s okay that I have been a failure till now, I won’t be a failure forever. I will be better than whatever the fuck I am rn. I give myself 200~ days to learn as much as I can and be as good as I can be in this short amount of time. I will commit everything I have into this in order to be someone who can actually laugh when I look into this, 10 or 20 years down the line. Over how meaninglessly I was pondering over nothing. I am 22 years old as I write this, I know I am young but also feel so old at the same time. I have barely achieved anything In my life, I haven’t made myself proud even once. And this can be sort of an humiliating ritual because I am gonna be publishing onto the internet. So that I am atleast accountable, and know that If I fail. There will be one who’ll laugh at this grand failure, that’s what I was lacking. Someone to laugh at me when I fail, instead of saying it’s okay, you can always try again BS. I don’t want to fail, I will never fail. I will play to win and make people happy along the way, my people. So I will go all out in this silly little confession of mine. I am barely holding in rn, as much I like to deny it. Hold my thoughts in and say everything is alright, I know I am not, not rn. Nothing is alright, if I keep going the way I am rn. I will fail at life. So I decided to commit the next 6-7 months of my life to getting better. The time right now is 2:46PM as I wrote this sentence, I am gonna be working my ass off, from today. Untill I get what I want, and I will clock in every single day of it. As of today, my goals are simple. Make a GitHub, that’s done. Finally start studying for the CFA that I registered, it’s on may 12th, 2026. And I still didn’t start studying, it’s in 70 days which is very less time. Let’s get this, I plan to dedicate 1600 hours plus, just focussed towards my career, that includes learning to code, projects, CFA, Hopefully FRM, some internships. And hopefully land a job as soon as possible. I can do this, I will believe in myself for once. I am not the smartest In the room, nor am I the most talented. But I know for a fact, that I can work towards something if I really want it. I have seen it happen before, I can make it happen again. I will be consistent and make something good out of this. 1600 hours is a lot, this will even have my networking and all the other stuff that I gotta do to have a job. And I won't be stopping at that, I will keep on improving every, every fucking day. Just learning and updating onto my tracker, so let's get started. I am learning everything from scratch. This includes python, SQL, Excel, R, Coding as a whole. I am introvert, but can talk to people. But never networked in my life until now, so this is pretty much my daily life Witten down. What I do in these months can either make or break me, I hope it's the former and I am somewhat proud of myself for sticking to it all.